Update control-access-from-unmanaged-devices.md (#3266)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/control-access-from-unmanaged-devices.md

The following parameters can be used with  `-ConditionalAccessPolicy AllowLimitedAccess` for both the organization-wide setting and the site-level setting: 
  
 `-AllowEditing $false` Prevents users from editing Office files in the browser. 
 

>  `-ReadOnlyForUnmanagedDevices $false` Makes the entire site readonly for impacted users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `-ReadOnlyForUnmanagedDevices $false` Makes the entire site read-only for impacted users. 
```
